I opened the project in Visual Studio Code, the IDE I'm using here,
it's a free IDE
and in this project, we see this is what the cli generated for us.
We got a bunch of config files since I chose that store each configuration for each of the features
we're using in a separate file and we get that package.json file where we see the scripts it gave
us,
these are scripts we can run with npm run
and then the script name and then we got a script for developent and serving that development server
and for building the production app, this will automatically use production ready settings and optimize
everything.
We also see some dependencies here
and one thing you won't see neither here in the dependencies nor here in the configs is the webpack
configuration.
Now the vue cli does use webpack under the hood,
it basically hides it away in these vue cli
plugins or to precise, in the vue cli service here.
This is where it uses webpack and you can't directly access the webpack configuration, though you can
extend it
and details can be found about this advanced feature in the official docs of the cli to which you of
course find a link in the last lecture of this module,
you don't really have to tweak that though because as you will see in that link, you can add things to
the config if you need to
but most of the time, using these plugins gives you a lot of power and a lot of features.
Now here in the package.json file, we also see that browsers list thing,
this allows you to set up which browsers you want to support with your project
and this is important for plugins like the or for tools like the auto prefixer which will be added
automatically,
it's already part of the default set up which will take your css code and automatically prefix
it such that it works best in the selected browsers here.
It's the same for babel, our set up here uses babel to give you next gen javascript support and this
will automatically give you polyfills for features you're using depending on which browsers you support,
so it's already detecting what it needs to add.
Therefore this is your browser list and you can tweak this,
you'll also find a link to explanations on how to work with that and what you can write there
in the last lecture of this module and the other files here, well there you can dive in to configure
for example the linting, to configure the compilation of your css code, to configure babel,
most of the defaults should be fine
but if you need to, you can tweak the configs of these packages.
Now what about these two folders,
public and source? The public folder is where you have that index.html file for your single
page app, you will see the manifesto.json file which is related to the progressive web app,
this file basically provides metadata information about your app which can be read by a browser
to make it installable on the home screen and you can also store some static assets here,
though I will also show you that there is another way of adding assets which is recommended since that
other way will be handled by webpack which will do additional optimizations whereas any assets you add
in the public folder will simply be copied to your production ready app and will not be optimized anymore.
The source folder then is where you write your code, here is that assets folder,
that's the other way I was talking about, this file here for example will be analyzed by webpack and will be
optimized
and then besides that, you write your vuejs code. You got your main.js file where your vue app starts, where
you have the route vue instance, you have the router where you set up your routes configuration,
since we added vuex, you got a default store with which you can start working, register service worker,
you don't need to tweak it right now,
you can of course if you know once you're doing, this will basically register a service worker to give
you that progressive web app support, app.vue is our root component.
Then in the views folder, we find the pages to which we can navigate,
we could of course also store them in components or wherever you want and components in this set up
is simply non-routing components,
so components which you don't load through the router but which you embed through their tag in other components.
This is a setup we have here,
this is what the cli gave us and now we can work with that setup, just as you worked with it through the
entire course,
so just as you work with the other set up, you can now start adding components, import them as you learned it
in this course,
use them as you learned it in this course.
There's really nothing special about this,
the syntax is the same, it's the same framework but it gives you more features.
And let's have a look at some of these more features and what exactly we can do.